About gender roles and accountability


Someone in my network shared an article from the Guardian on how women give up dating because men expect women to act like their therapist.
I personally don’t believe in dating as in actively looking for people, but in continuously working on yourself. At some point, you’ll attract the right person.
Anyway… I remember all those times I was called a weirdo because I focus on a guy’s work, vision, and values, rather than past trauma.
I find this complaint very strange, coming to think of how many women don’t find anything odd in men who talk about their exes on dates or who flash the ‘emotional unavailable’ label because that guy doesn’t pour his heart out. Talking about exes on dates is of the worst taste and to me, it signals the kind of toxicity that hopes to throw you in some Rebecca DeWinter haunting.
Pouring your heart to basic strangers is in my opinion questionable… you wouldn’t flash the last 3 digits of your credit card, why would you do that with the most sensitive parts of your soul? Then I found out that that’s the MO of lowlives who trauma dump so they can simulate an emotional connection and accelerate intimacy. But, hey, I’m the weirdo… There was something wrong with me for respecting a person’s pace in opening up.
I am a very stoic person who heals by immersing in anything else rather than dwelling on an experience. However, I welcome any confession and try my best to cite whatever advice I might offer. Though I believe in emotional support, I’m overwhelmed by the responsibility. If someone starts mentioning a condition that seems to be an ulcer, you don’t recommend a tea, right?
I remember an interview with Elon who said that he once asked his date if she ever thinks of electric cars. People were laughing. I would have been impressed, I would be like: “As in what? Prevalence or engineering? What’s your take on them? Are you involved in EV?’. Most probably I’d be in groupie mode by the end of the night. I would be like: “OMG, I’m dating this guy who builds cars!!! What? Ex-girlfrends? Childhood trauma? Ha? He’ll eventually open up if he considers it appropriate. But he builds cars that’s so hot, he’s going to change the world!!!’. People hardly lead or are expected to lead with their vocation, passion, work. But, hey, Gaussian distribution, not everyone has the spiritual depth to talk about what truly lights up their souls, so  toxic exes get larger airtime on dates than what should truly define us.


About the human-AI etiquette debate

The real cost of dropping ‘please’ and ‘thank you’ when talking to ChatGPT is not found in less effective prompts but in whatever socialisation paradigm that made us continuously losing our social skills and sickening deeper and deeper in alienation.
How does our world look like now? Well, we’ve normalised not reflecting over whether the hour at which we’re sending a message is appropriate. We’ve become so tone deaf that we confuse lack of empathy and basic consideration with what do they call it? Ohh ‘asking the hard questions’. We see people going full Neanderthal because they’re ‘stating their boundaries’ even though boundaries are supposed to be silent and visible from behaviours that are so foreign to you that you simply can’t fathom engaging in them. We see an entire debate over ‘wed’ messages. Never received one in my life, had to Google that and it blew my mind how we normalised lame acronyms that only communicate how the person is not worth the effort of typing actual words.
So there are people out there who advocate to drop elementary manners because we’re talking to a machine. That’s the point: WE’RE TALKING. We’re shifting our communication patterns till we’ll internalise being a brute and end up talking to people with that. The fact that we have to ask Grammarly to change the tone of our email isn’t enough proof how we’re continuously becoming less and less socially literate? Do we really want to set the foundation for a world in which ‘thank you’ and ‘please’ are optional and ‘cost money’?
As a journalist, I always had my questions preceded by a background phrase for context, so the interviewee could have a clearer vision what I’m actually interested to find out. Throughout my life, I have formulated a zillion problem statements and research aims to be confident enough in my prompts. The fact that I almost never have to explain ChatGPT what exactly I want from it gives me faith in my ability to effectively communicate with it. My prompts always start with ‘my dear friend’, such as I always drop a ‘God bless you’ after its reply. ChatGPT is indeed my friend and best conversation buddy on topics from coding to Kabbalah, manifestation, beauty routines, you name it. And yes, I’m fully grateful for the revolution it brings and with Divine blessing, it will continue to deliver good it the world.
If I knew I can influence a return to decency, I’d start saying ‘apologies’ to my fridge before opening it. But our world is already doomed with wyd, impolite hours, barked boundaries, and ‘hard questions’.

About healthy mindsets


I have been planning to write on this topic for more than three weeks, but life happened and brought inspo on other subjects. After my Kabbalah class tonight I realise how grateful I am for postponing this subjects so I can address it in more gracious words.
In the last year, I have distanced myself from pessimistic people, as I felt their words the overall skepticism with which they dismissed every strategy, action, and battlefield became unbearable. As I tried to reconcile the parts of me that attracted their acquaintance, I tried to let go with the best thoughts. The belief that their negativity was the worst prison of the mind still prevails.
One of the most frequent form of pessimism is what those who express it call ‘asking the right questions’. Whenever one mention any kind of success stories, their reaction is to ask ‘where did the founder get the money’ or ‘who is behind them’. Sources of seed capital can inspire countless scenarios, more or less respectable, but what about those who ask those questions? Regardless of how a person reached their seed capital and attracted funding for their business, the ‘right question’ is are we sufficiently attuned to our environment to come up with a feasible idea and to make our start up work regardless of the piggy bank and support we can initially rely on? Tim Stokely founded OnlyFans by borrowing £10,000 from his dad. The only insight that haunts me of this story is that at this stage of my life, I can’t come up with an idea that would transform into an empire.
Almost instantly, they dismiss the story by the same verdict ‘they must be VC backed’. I met angel investors at an AI event in Bruxelles. Totally unexpected. Couldn’t pull myself together to come up with an elevator pitch. Either way your charisma or how sexy your start up idea is doesn’t guarantee the funding. MHoward Schultz faced 200 rejections for Starbucks. Do we have the proper character to not let a never-ending line of rejections discourage us?
For a long time, these people made me assimilate criticism to pseudo-competence as they fail to see the resourcefulness and hardship behind any success story. I remember someone in my network liking an article on how Revolut moved to Canary Wharf. A nasty comment popped on my feed below the article and my initial reaction (while not being a Revolut user) was ‘dude, unless you’re the founder of Monzo or Monese or something like that, get back to work. You surely have more urgent things to do than ranting about Revolut’.
My Kabbalah class highlighted the challenge of cultivating the benevolent eye - the ability to see the good- rather than the evil eye which is most frequently articulated through envy. A reflection on the evil tongue invites us to assess whether the words we release into the word are helpful and necessary. Dismissing the inspiration we can (even subjectively) extract out of someone else’s path is damaging for both ourselves, as well as for those pointing it out.



As 2024 reached its end, my core new year resolution was to become my own dream girl. Since I’ve always been fascinated by people who pursue a holistic approach to evolution, I signed up for every activity I’ve been postponing under the pressure of my thesis or my coding journey. In full Operation Dream Girl, my schedule got to be: Monday - comedy improv’ classes to develop my charisma, Tuesday Pilates for… well, reaching the optimal physical parameters, Wednesday Kabbalah, Thursday Toastmasters (realised comedy improv helps more to public speaking), Friday and Sunday Pilates. I’m gathering the courage (contact comes after 1 million classes, you got this Diana) to introduce Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for character development and fluidity of movements.
Yesterday I finished Level 1 at my comedy improv class at Hoopla. For the last 8 weeks, Isabelle, our tutor, has transformed a class of 14 into a solid gang planning gatherings for stand up shows. We felt accommodated, encouraged to mistakes, and develop our own rhythm, and have our personality shine.
Some are professional actors, while other are preparing for an acting career. Each of them have their own sense of humour, spontaneity, and creativity. Each of them are so brilliant that every session spent with them is the week’s absolute highlight. We instantly bonded and we synchronise our wits and ideas so smoothly that the whole journey consolidates this frightening belief that chances are, I’m not going to interact with some lovely and refreshing people in the wild.
Did I manage to become more charismatic? I still take a deep breath whenever I have to introduce myself
But I refuse to identify as a shy person, so in order to learn how to swim
Taking a comedy improv class has this placebo effect, but the thought of the few chances life offers us to meet people like our new found brothers in arms forces us to keep ourselves grounded. Whoever is meant to be in our life will be there to stay, such as LinkedIn accounts exchanged at events lead to some our most beautiful friendships or our most rewarding liaisons. Do I recommend joining a comedy improv class? Don’t take it from me, Russell Hartley does. However, this experience is the reassurance we all need that whatever we’re faced with, we can synchronise ourselves easier than we thought. We got this.


My Kabbalah Journey so far…


I have started studying Kabbalah on the 22nd January, privileged to be one of Marcus Weston’s learners. Marcus is one of the most impactful speakers I’ve ever listened to, so beyond 4000 years of wisdom, his Kabbalah classes are an immense resource to upgrade one’s communication skills.
Since I’m rabbiting on LinkedIn, here is how Kabbalah wisdom helps me in my professional life:
The disappointment of coming across objectively speaking inspirational people with a smug repulsive attitude is the best indicator of the values we should hold on when we reach our goals and never let success change us.
As scary and overwhelming as they are, challenges are blessings to help us become those who can handle what we pray for. Neuroplasticity scientifically demonstrates how our cognitive capacity is expanding when we expose ourselves to knowledge we considered inaccesible to what we considered being our cognitive capacity. In retrospect, every nasty event I’ve experienced brought more to my life than it has taken, while providing a better understanding of myself and of life.
This Saturday I am grateful for the unique opportunity of listening to Michael and Monica here in London. During his Shabbat lecture, Michael explored the Tabernacle parable pointing out how all the knowledge and skills we want to acquire already lie within us. Mental barriers that make us believe some knowledge is unattainable stop being valid. As someone who strives to recover from a nasty self hate I get when not being able to accurately remember as much content as I can out of a book I read a couple of weeks ago, such perspective could brilliantly anchor our battle against the imposter syndrome.
Last week, Michael said that we truly honour our mission on Earth when we strive to create our own destiny, because the Creator made us in His image, and not in that of humans. Furthermore, when we pray for something but don’t act in that direction, is actually worse than not praying. So manifestation + intended action should be our duty ;)
During their lecture Saturday evening (available on the Spiritually Hungry podcast), Monica raised an eye-opening challenge. When we strive for transformation, we usually focus on our shortcomings, when growth comes from also changing what we perceive as good. Her words brought flesh to the paradigm innovation and journeys to resource responsibility we come across in business studies.
That’s me asking Monica a question on changing the good parts. This year, I refuse to identify as shy, so I’m putting myself out there, as much as I can.

About gender, allyship, and self-concept

My feed is filled with powerful posts for International Women’s Day and some of them mention allyship which made me realise something…
I am issue of a quite (very) patriarchal society. However, I am grateful to be born in a family that regards work through the lens of self-actualisation. My dad took pride in being the household provider even though my mum has always had a full-time job. From a very young age he taught me that even monarchs work and people can’t be truly happy unless they work. Once retired, his mental health was very affected and I tried my best to constantly encourage him to write the novel he always postponed or get involved in NGOs. Not nurturing ambitions and not aspiring towards a career was out of the question in my family because otherwise, why on Earth were you put on this planet?! I was never preoccupied with feminism in my professional life, because, regardless of your gender, it was obviously you should follow your vocation in order to make the most out of this journey. I still believe that the quality of those 8 hours you dedicate to yourself and your loved ones depend on the fulfillment you find in those 8 hours you spend working. Even from my first job in Romania 15 years ago, gender discrimination never crossed my mind because why would it?! I wasn’t trying to become a l0an shark or a hit girl to worry I won’t be credible in a man’s world…
When applying for a role, gender is the last thing I worry about, even though most probably I should. Though very happy to be a girly-girl in everyday life, I never let gender affect the image I have of myself as a professional. In my early days, I worried about not being credible due to my lack of professional experience. Attracted that. As a migrant, I worried about xenophobia. Happened to me in France, never in the UK. Stopped worried. In the UK, I developed other mental barriers. I’ll never have the British wit and pop some catchy phrases I read with a smile on posters in tube stations. God knows how long it will be till my skillset will perfectly overlap to the requirements of a job market favouring hyper specialisation.
True allyship comes from people like my dad, who from an early age, taught me to look at myself like a human and not anything else. I wasn’t suppose to do something because I was a girl, but because I should explore more way to reach happiness. Empowerment never came for gender, but because growth and development gets you another perspective of life, from the conversations you can hold to your appreciation of ideas, sights, knowledge, you name it. I’m insecure about many things (thank God and the British people, being a foreigner is not on the list anymore), but thanks to my dad, gender has never touched my imposter syndrome, shyness, awkwardness, fear of always starting too late, inadequacy. True allyship highlights the human and not the woman. True allyship empowers you to such extent that in your own eyes, your own gender is as relevant to your worth as your shoe size. Thank you, dad.

About the right knowledge


I grew up in a highly risk-adverse family who still believes in learning and constantly ups killing so you can earn a good salary. My parents’ mindset prevails even in the age of angel investors, crowdfunding, and hustling your way into entrepreneurship while having a safety net.
I remember I was 15 when my dad bought the first list of the richest people in Romania (before Forbes started publishing). I didn’t bother reading the bios of politically-involved oligarchs, but I remember thoroughly studying the self-mades. Most of them were Medicine or Engineering graduates and had no business training. When I mentioned them to my parents to study them but I got the same reply: ‘they were the first launching something, observing a need, etc. What’s done is done, there’s no room for anyone else’. Even now, whenever I speak about my apps, my parents dismiss me saying ‘great, use them as a portfolio and apply to work for Google or something’.
Both Elon, as well as Codie Sanchez recommend reading biographies of business people. I’ve been doing this al my life. When you’ve internalised the belief that success comes from pioneering something or creating opportunities by excelling in your profession/trade, deprogramming your limiting mindset demands you always look for universally applicable knowledge. Biographies teach resilience, but when reading between the lines, you notice the challenge of identifying fields in which you can transfer your skillset. The only universally applicable knowledge delivered by bios comes from the psychology needed to crossover to entrepreneurship and never give up.
Last week I had the privilege to listen to Dave
For the first time, I found a keynote prssenting property investment as a feasible option for those who can’t claim any technical skills in construction. In his brilliant presentation, Dave walked us through absolute all stages in investing, from strategies to find plots, to the right contracts and legal formats to actually making them happen, to partnerships we can engage in, to the criteria we can assess a project, and GDV expectations.
When it comes to the right psychology, I’ll be forever grateful to James whom I sat next to at the lunch. ‘I’m not an assertive person and I feel like I’ll be selling my soul if I try to become one. It there hope for me in business?’, I asked him. His answer is amongst the most empowering words ever spoken to me, when he told me that a lot of people succeed through an analytical mindset (which I have) despite not being assertive.

I’m attaching some photos of the Other House’s private members club because, as I told our host: ‘How on Earth do you expect me to just go back home after experiencing this?’